Jan 2018 (bloss):
 + Adding back the capability to run with separate vapor
   and cloud water mass mixing ratios in SAM, so that
   each variable is advected and diffused.  This also means
   that saturation adjustment will occur within 
   module_mp_graupel.f90, rather than outside.

Sept 2015 (bloss): 
 + Moved most namelist and control parameters (e.g., Nc0) to
  micro_params module within micro_params.f90.

 + Added in an abbreviated version of module_wrf_error.f90
  so that the differences between module_mp_graupel in SAM
  and WRF can be minimized.

 + Added coupling between microphysics and radiation so that more
  sophisticated routines for cloud optical properties from CAM5 can be
  used.  This change also makes snow radiatively active.  This is now
  the default behavior in SAM.

  To revert to the old behavior, in which snow is not radiatively
  active and the cloud liquid/ice effective radii from
  module_mp_graupel are converted to cloud optical properties using
  the lookup tables within RRTMG, set

     dorrtm_cloud_optics_from_effrad_LegacyOption = .true.

  in the MICRO_M2005 namelist.

 + Added coupling to QUICKBEAM cloud radar simulator.  With namelist
  options, the orientation (surface/satellite), frequency, etc. can 
  be set and fed into the radar simulator.  To turn on the radar
  simulator, set 

   doreflectivity_cloudradar = .true.

  in the MICRO_M2005 namelist.  Note that QUICKBEAM is really
  expensive to run, so that it will only be computed once or twice
  every nstat steps, rather than nstatfrq for the other statistics.
  The outputs are a 3D field of radar reflectivity, along with 
  statistics outputs for cloud fraction (dBZ>-40 and dBZ>-30) and
  a histogram of reflectivity as a function of time/height (output
  as frequencies in individual bins, e.g., -5 < dBZ < 0).  The
  histogram output can be controlled in the namelist.

  Note that neither of the microphysics-radiation coupling nor the
  QUICKBEAM reflectivities have been used in published work yet, but
  both seem to be functioning properly.  If you encounter trouble,
  contact Peter Blossey and Marat.

Jan 2015 (bloss): Updated module_mp_graupel.f90 to Hugh Morrison's
  Version 3.5 Release.

Apr 2009 (bloss):

 + Modified scheme to use total water (vapor + cloud liquid) as a
prognostic variable in place of separate vapor and cloud liquid
variables.  This should reduce the cost associated with scalar
advection.  With this scheme, saturation adjustment occurs before
calling the microphysics, so that a consistent set of temperature,
water vapor and cloud liquid values can be input to the microphysics.
This saturation adjustment could be more expensive than the old one
within the microphysics, since you do not have a reference value of
cloud liquid to start from.

 + The latent heating due to the microphysics is not readily
accessible with the total water formulation, so that it is no longer
output in the statistics.

 + The EFFRQ* effective radius outputs in the past were susceptible to
errors due to non-uniformity of hydrometeor fractions across
processors or time steps.  As a result, these outputs have been
eliminated.  In their place, a new output Q*OEFFR which represents a
scaled version of the layer optical depth has been added.  This can be
used to compute a consistent effective radius from the averaged
optical depth and mixing ratio.  For example, the cloud liquid
effective radius may be computed as:

  EFFRC = QC / QCOEFFR

where QC is in g/kg, QCOEFFR is in g/kg/micron and EFFRC is in
microns.

 + The default setting for dopredictNc was changed to .false.
Now, by default, the cloud liquid droplet concentration will be set to
Nc0 which itself has a default value of 100./cm3.

